check check one two three one two three
check check one two three check check 1
2 3 1 1 1 2 3 2 2 3 2 3 check check okay
well it is MSI 2018 I am here in Berlin
with coverage presented by my checking
account joined right now by wreckless
who just had a pretty rough day he said
he's sweaty right now cuz bad games make
him sweat
reckless what happened today I started
sweating and then my mouth became a bit
slippery and then I mean I don't know
what else to make up for an excuse
honestly because the games were so bad
so I feel like I have to make up an
excuse almost because I don't know how
to explain it four weeks ago as I told
you earlier four weeks ago we were in
such good shape everything was super
clean you know we'd never had to talk
about Ward's objectives it just happened
naturally so the only thing we really
talked about was how to play the game
out draft versus draft like the
specifications from game to game right
but today it's it's been crazy we
haven't been able to do anything
together as a team so I feel like it's
almost impossible to perform and I'm
sure my teammates feel the same because
we're kind of holding each other back
which is a really bad thing when you're
playing an international tournament with
the best teams in the world so I'm not
sure what the thing for the future
either but there's a games so we could
turn this round
I think step one is probably to play
something we're more comfy with for
example I have showed neither gin or
Kaiser I mean Kai's has set for itself
right but I haven't showed in huddle in
spring split and now I played two
completely new champions today neither
did go very well so maybe for every rest
of the tournament I'm gonna try to focus
more on what works for me in the spring
split and try to share that with my
teammates as well so we play stuff we're
more sure about something we practice
for a very long time and then maybe
we'll be able to ignore these failures
that we have currently in terms of
decision-making I'm not sure honestly
what we're up to but the games are not
good and you think that this is not it's
not a situation where alright you were
able to do so well at spring finals but
here the competition and Hart is harder
and that's what's holding you back you
actually think that you are performing
at a lower level than you were able to
four weeks ago yeah I mean obviously
they'll competitions a lot harder
there isn't no way in this world that
you
most of the European teams to any of the
top teams here or in other regions in
general but when you went like when I
play the game or when you watch us play
I'm pretty sure you can say that this is
not a team that looks that great like we
make so many random mistakes right now
that we would never ever do before it's
not like the enemy forces us to make
that mistake where the enemy completely
out drafts us or go for an ash that we
didn't see coming like most of the cases
we see everything coming
but then anyways to make a mistake like
for example the first gaming is orangey
today the game was complete free win and
then we look for play in the enemy
jungle get cancelled like three times
and then we all die and we lose the game
while we just took the in a while we
have a late game outs killing comp if
this was four weeks ago never happen ok
do you have any idea why you guys are
slipping back I mean was there like a
lack of practice or just poor practice I
mean what what allowed you guys to sort
of fall back a little bit I'm not sure I
mean the only logical ex-excuse is that
we took a break yeah but I don't want
there to be vacation memes either I feel
like we actually this is two years ago I
talked to a European team that took a
break yeah so I don't want that to be
the case even though it might actually
be because our practice was actually
pretty good and most of other I mean I
can't speak I can't I can't speak for
for Asian teams right but I know liquid
took a break for example and they look
they look just fine against the Koreans
I don't know how their game I guess Evos
is gonna go but I think they looked fine
in scrims they look fine as well so I
wouldn't be surprised if they perform
much better than we do for the remaining
of the tournament because they're
actually a good team like no joke liquid
is actually good team so I don't really
know why it it's like this maybe more
nervous because international term I
honestly don't know I just feel like
it's it's such a shame because you only
get these opportunities at best twice a
year so when you're here and you play
like this and it's like it's just such a
shame I feel really ashamed actually
like embarrassing performance from us so
I don't I don't really want to read what
people have to say don't really want to
hear it either I just want to talk to my
team and figure out what we can do
because if we don't figure figure
something out we're gonna go zero ten in
this tournament and add maybe two eight
the vivos is not up there but I don't
know if those games count in the fact
ice of Defense so I would like to figure
something out because if if we play like
this then it's just such a shame the
whole thing well let's take a step back
from how today went for you I'm very
curious what do you think of the
strengths of the other teams because
people always asked me before these
types of events like who's gonna win
who's the strongest I feel like it's
really hard at MSI to tell because
there's been so much time since all the
different regions have met up so in your
opinion like what do you think of the
other teams and the relative closeness
of these teams I mean you just mentioned
you think Team Liquid is pretty good
yeah so we haven't had a chance to
scream China yet because I arrived
yesterday I think and we screamed Korea
only once and we went 1 5 or 1 6 so
logically those teams should feel like
the favourites but we actually had a
pretty bad record against liquid for the
most of it as well we had some days when
we were smashing them but I felt like
that was more therefore fault than our
winnings or our our like good good parts
so that wouldn't play that liquid might
not be very good if they're losing to
you and it's their fault that they're
like they were running it down so I felt
like we were winning games because they
were trolling because when they actually
played good I didn't feel like they were
playing above standards because they did
very like that very good basic so it
wasn't like they were chasing us or
doing stuff you've never seen before
they were actually playing just good
League of Legends so I felt like already
all these three teams should be better
than us or hard to beat and then we
scrim flash for two days as well and
they just had a similar feeling so going
through a storm I had already four teams
that I was kind of scared but I have no
idea about evils I only saw them playing
they're played against him but they are
from the same region as Marines and we
struggle against in last year's world so
it's tough tournament man I just
actually I don't care if we make it all
the way like I didn't before either I
just want to show that we can do more
than this I don't care if we fall short
on one game in groups or if we lose the
semi-finals to 3 or 0 I actually don't
care as long as we play good and show
that we can actually perform play good
together contest with these regions then
I'm happy you know because after all all
this is just leading up to Worlds which
is the ultimate goal right but if we're
not playing well together then it's hard
to see any
future right so I don't I don't
personally care for losers games but
when we lose them this way
it just feels terrible because these
games should be games we win we should
have won the game ends orangey and this
game we played against flash holes now
should be much better as well we were
just constantly getting flanked by the
Vlad and for some reason we never picked
up on it I flanked us and we talked
about it and then he flagged us again
and I we talked about it again and then
factors again and that game ended yeah I
don't see why we don't do anything about
it you know we're just just no one
taking initiative and I feel bad about
that because I should be the one to take
initiative so yeah I just have to step
it up I think otherwise there's no
chance I'm getting the signal that you
have to go to your Chinese interviews is
there anything that you would like to
say here at the end to the fans I think
I've said most already probably people
got a feeling of where I am in the
tournament right now I don't know when
you're gonna release this but soon soon
okay it's hard to release this a couple
days later cuz yeah but if people are
watching me while determines going on I
want to try for my life to save us from
this madness that is currently going on
so yeah I don't know what else to say
like it's such I feel such a shame oh my
god thank you thank you so much reckless
for the interview and thank you for
doing it after a loss because I know
sometimes these are are difficult to do
so I really appreciate it every time
people do that thank you so much for
what else you can check out the rest my
coverage of all things that maasai right
here on my youtube channel I don't have
a sponsor for this event so I can
promote whatever I want in these outros
I'm gonna promote my Instagram it's
Instagram calm / Travis cafard
underscore yeah you have to pronunce
core at the end of it you might be
asking why it's because there's this guy
named Travis cafard who lives on the
southern coast of Texas and lives a
wonderful life fishing he was fishing
and he's got this cute wife that he
married with in I think the past year or
something I'm actually I'm a little
worried he might be the happier Travis
cafard and I'm gonna be honest with you
guys like yeah there's the fame and the
fortune that comes from being an eSports
superstar but I I'm a little worried
that maybe at the end of the day he's
just happier than I am
you can also support me and help me
recouped the cost of this event by going
to Travis Khafre comm slash support at
patreon.com slash Travis cafard
[Music]